my background is actually how I got into
the food industry was my family my
family is from Italy and my grandmother
that's 16 children 13 girls and 3 boys
my grandfather actually did a lot of the
cooking
they had chickens in the backyard they
made their own pastas food was a big
part of their life and my grandmother
and mom were a great influence on me her
pride was really feeding her family you
know she took a lot of pride in our
dinners and being able to feed us good
food and people say oh my god this is
great and having company over and I
think that piece of it I did get from
her I got into the industry I really
loved who I was doing I learned a lot of
different aspects of it and I got to
travel I did apprenticeship to France to
Germany through Italy I got to see a lot
of different cuisines and when I look
back you know and I look at my career is
very diverse that's one things I tried
to tell students is diversify yourself
do as many things that you possibly can
I was never afraid to get up and pack my
bags and go somewhere and my first trip
to Germany I was 24 years old and I went
as an apprentice to the United States
and Olympic team and I worked very
unfortunate work for some great chefs
and had a lot of great mentors but more
importantly to make a difference because
everyday people don't realize that you
can make a difference in someone's life
whether it's a simple hello a compliment
whether it's a simple showing them how
to do something and making them better
at it you can make that difference the
opportunity came from the cordon bleu I
guess I looked at it as to do what I was
already doing except magnified if I can
help the instructors teach better if I
can go to a school and speak and get
students inspire to become something
that's an incredible job no matter how
much of the teachers I'm perceived to be
and mentor and I am a teacher and mentor
but I'm also still a student you know I
like to learn from everybody I learned
from dishwashers from different
countries I learned from students I see
now at our schools I think if you always
have that open mindset that you're
always a student and you're always
willing to learn what somebody else can
do or bring to the table I think that's
pretty incredible follow your passion
Sylla Cordon Bleu and learn the way